Antioxidant
100% Natural - None of those nasty fillers
Contains enzymes critical to a healthy Brain and Cognitive function
Vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and healthy fatty acids
Let's face it. If you're a fighter, you get hit in the head a lot. That doesn't do much to promote mental clarity. Some might say that you'd have to have a pretty dim wit to even become a fighter to begin with. We all know that's not true; that fighting is one of the most cerebral and mentally stimulating things one can do. It takes a big brain to strategize effectively in the pugilistic arena. To perform at the top of your game, you need to think clearly. To think clearly, your body needs to optimize the breakdown and delivery of vital nutrients to the brain. FightPrep’s Brain Balance™ gives you Cat's Claw, American Ginseng, Ginkgo Biloba and a blend of crucial protein, carbohydrate and fat digesting enzymes which give you optimal Brain Function. Brain Balance™ is rich in antioxidants which protect your brain cells from oxidation and free radical damage. These antioxidants may slow down brain aging and prevent disease, while promoting the growth of healthy brain cells. Read more about FightPrep's Brain Balance™ supplement below.

CatsClaw-FightPrep-BrainBalance
The cat’s claw vine will bring back memories of your first cat scratch as it has thorns which resemble cat's claws. Originating in the Amazon rainforest, natives used cat’s claw to help calm redness and swelling, especially in the bones and joints. Studies of cat’s claw show that it dilates blood vessels, which makes it a valuable herb for Brain Function, increasing blood flow and therefore oxygen to the brain and its cells.
Cat's Claw Extract is a water soluble all natural rainforest plant extract that has been demonstrated to help repair DNA damage. It is also known to slow down the aging process associated with environmental stress in skin. Cat's Claw Extract is extracted from Uncaria tomentosa (a vine that grows wild in the Amazon rainforest).	Scientific and clinical studies have demonstrated that Cat's Claw Extract has the ability to aid in repair of DNA by way of activating enzymes that are involved with DNA repair processes. This is an all natural process that helps your body's own repair mechanisms to work better.
Cat's Claw Extract has been demonstrated to inhibit expression of NF-kappaB transcriptional factor which is responsible for initiation of inflammatory responses by the immune system. A transcriptional factor is a protein that sits in the cytosolic space waiting to be activated by cellular stress. Once activated it travels to the genome and activates genes that code for cytokines, cytokine receptors, immunoreceptors and cell adhesion molecules. These cytokines or chemical messengers and their corresponding receptors are responsible for chemotaxis of certain white blood cells into an area of damaged cells which bring about inflammation and cell death. Keeping NF-kappaB transcriptional factor to a minimum inhibits inflammation and cell death allowing for more cells to survive from damage. Thereby, minimizing oxidative stress to your tissues.
All of this translates to keeping brain cells healthy while reducing the damage and loss of others. More healthy brain cells means a healthier overall brain; a healthy brain thinks more clearly and effectively.
AmericanGinseng-FightPrep-BrainBalance
All varieties of Ginseng contain a chemical called Saponin Rb1. The Chinese knew that Korean Ginseng contained a fair amount of this chemical, so they investigated its American counterpart and found out that it had much more. In testing it proved to prevent memory loss and promote cognitive function in mice. It has been shown that Rb1 stimulates the release of acetylcholine from the tiny brain memory centre called the hippocampus, and showed it worked by increasing the uptake of the choline.	American ginseng (especially the saponin Rb1) works within the hippocampus and helps the nerve cells pass messages to each other by boosting the chemical acetylcholine. Many pharmaceutical drugs do this too, and that's why they are used to treat people with Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease. Rb1 also appears to help mend damaged nerve cells. Not a bad quality if your hippocampus has been damaged by being starved of oxygen (by a silent stroke), infection, epilepsy, trauma, damage from stress hormones, or just plain old age. Disruption of the hippocampus is one of the first signs of Alzheimer's. Rb1 appears to reduce the memory-killing effect of beta-amyloids, chemicals that build up in the hippocampus and other parts of the brain in older people.
GinkgoBiloba-FightPrep-BrainBalance
People have been taking Ginkgo Biloba for memory enhancement for as many as thousands of years. Dating back to 2500 B.C., ancient Chinese medicine traditions employed the leaves of the Ginkgo tree to cure headaches, relieve asthma, boost energy, enhance libido, and promote eye and ear health. However its most common use, then and today, has been as a memory booster. Ginkgo is widely taken to sharpen mental abilities and make memory and recall easier

Taking Ginkgo Biloba for memory may be related to the way that cholinesterase inhibitors work. These chemicals prevent the breakdown of acetylcholine in the brain. Acetylcholine is the key neurotransmitter involved in basic cognitive function.

Ginkgo preserves choline and acetylcholine in the brain, which in turn promotes healthy growth of neural structures like neurons, and the synaptic connections that form between them. These connections are at the heart of how memories are formed and accessed.

Ginkgo further protects this functionality by boosting circulation. Ginkgo’s primary components, flavonoids, ginkgolides and bilobalides, improve vascular health and foster excellent blood flow to the brain. By keeping oxygenated blood pumping to neural tissues, the brain’s communication structures continue to grow unabated. Mental metabolism is enhanced so that your brain cells are supplied with continuous fuel to keep your mind energized. This can also help to flush out toxins and improve the maintenance of neurons as you age.

Next, Ginkgo blocks excessive blood clotting with ginkgolide B. These clots, left unchecked, could lead to serious cerebrovascular problems like thrombus – a permanently clogged blood vessel. Conditions like these would not only be a threat to healthy cognitive function, they could actually result in stroke.

Finally, Ginkgo adds to the perception of a clear head with sharp thoughts by inhibiting the re-uptake of energy hormones dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin. The result is a focused, highly concentrated mental state, which further enhances memory retrieval.
Cellulase-FightPrep-BrainBalance	Protease-FightPrep-BrainBalance
Amylase-FightPrep-BrainBalance	Lipase-FightPrep-BrainBalance
These different nutrient processing enzymes are important for brain function due to their ability to effectively break down foods to the energy our brains need to think clearly. These enzymes break down the barriers between the foods themselves and the nutrients contained within them. We've included these enzymes in FightPrep's Brain Balance™ supplement to ensure the nutrients you consume are processed in the most effective manner possible and get to your brain where it's needed.
Full List Of FightPrep Digestive Health Ingredients
Amylase - 5250 DU
Protease 4.5 - 15,000 HUT
Protease 6.0 - 10,000 HUT
Cellulase - 800 CU
Lipase - 250 FUP
L-tyrosine - 40mg
L-theanine - 35mg
L-leucine - 25mg
Cat's Claw (una de gato) (bark) - 100mg
American Ginseng (root) - 80mg
Ginkgo Biloba (leaf) extract - 50mg
Gotu Kola - (aerial part) - 50mg
Vitamin B6 (as pyridoxine HCI) - 10mg
