Anti-inflammatory
100% Natural - None of those nasty fillers
Contains enzymes critical to a healthy digestive system
Vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and healthy fatty acids
Elite competitors often struggle with stomach problems and it can hinder performance. FightPrep’s Digestive Health gives you Marshmallow root, Sea Buckthorn, and a blend of crucial protein, carbohydrate and fat digesting enzymes which give you optimal digestive health. Read more about FightPrep's Digestive Health™ supplement below.

Digestive Health™ is a full-spectrum systemic and digestive enzyme formula and is free from fillers and toxic compounds. This formula contains digestive enzymes, which help digest fats (lipids), sugars, proteins, carbohydrates, gluten, fruits and vegetables, cereals, legumes, bran, nuts and seeds, soy, dairy, and all other food sources.

Digestive Health™ may also be used as a systemic enzyme blend to break down excess mucus, fibrin, various toxins, allergens, as well as excess clotting factors throughout your body.†


Protease-Digestive-Enzyme
Protease (also known as a proteolytic enzyme, peptidase or proteinase) is a type of enzyme that functions mainly to help us digest different kinds of proteins. They break down the bonds by a process known as hydrolysis and convert proteins into smaller chains called peptides or even smaller units called amino acids. 	Commonly found in plant sources like papaya and pineapple, proteases also play a key role in many physiological processes. Proteins have a complex folded structure requiring these types of enzymes to disassemble the molecule in very specific ways. Without proteases the intestinal lining would not be able to digest proteins, causing serious consequences to your health.
Proteolytic enzymes are extremely important for the digestion of many foods. But their intestinal duties are not solely limited to digesting food. They also digest the cell walls of unwanted harmful organisms in the body and break down unwanted wastes such as toxins, cellular debris, and undigested proteins. In this way, protease helps digest the small stuff, so that our immune system can work hard to avoid toxin overload.
In this way digestion plays a huge role in overall health, and enzymes are a big part of digestive health. With the distinct ability to breakdown peptide bonds and liberate amino acids, proteolytic enzymes are now being studied by modern science and medicine for their clinical and therapeutic use in the realms of general oncology and overall immune function.†
Amylase-Digestive-Enzyme
Amylase is one of the primary starch-digesting enzymes secreted in the body. It is somewhat unusual in that it is produced not only by the pancreas but also in the mouth as a component of saliva. This form is known as ptyalin (ti´ah-lin), and it begins the enzymatic digestion of starches in the oral cavity as food is chewed and mixed with saliva. This begins the reduction of larger, more complex starches into simpler sugars; however the process is largely arrested as the food enters the more acidic environment of the stomach.
Pancreatic amylase goes into action after the partially digested food is emptied into the small intestine and the pH returns to the neutral range. Starches continue to be broken into smaller trisaccharides and disaccharides and possibly even into glucose for energy. The primary type of amylase is known as alpha amylase, which hydrolyses (breaks down) the bonds in long starch or glycogen molecules into smaller chains of glucose called dextrins, which are easier to digest. Amylase is also produced by various bacteria and fungal organisms like Aspergillus oryzae from which it can be isolated for effective dietary supplements.
Due to poor dietary habits and age most people become deficient in amylase production and may show some signs of deficiency which may include skin rash, allergies, gas, constipation, mood imbalances and general digestive upset. What is more, having sufficient amylase activity reduces contributors to some degenerative diseases, as it helps the body digest and excrete dead white blood cells. Without proper amylase activity, irritation can be excessive. Low amylase is also thought to be a factor in a variety of diseases including type II diabetes, blood sugar imbalances, hypoglycemia, carbohydrate and sugar cravings, and many forms of food sensitivities.†
Lipase-Digestive-Enzyme
Lipase is an essential enzyme for the digestion of fatty (lipid) substances either in the diet or as a part of normal human metabolism. It is responsible for breaking down (hydrolyzing) fats into smaller components that can readily be absorbed through the intestines.	This process occurs as lipase acts as catalyst during hydrolysis in which solid fats and oils are disassembled into their components, yielding monoglycerides, diglycerides, glycerol, and free fatty acids.
Basically this means that it can take a triglyceride molecule, the basic fatty unit found in food, and strip off the fatty acids, leaving either none, one, or two fatty acids attached to the glycerol backbone. This enzyme is produced mainly in the pancreas except in the case of disease and digestive imbalance as discussed below. While excess amounts of poor quality fat in the diet can be a precursor to health conditions like heart disease, diabetes and cancer, we do need some good forms of fat for the functioning of every cell and organ system in the body.
In fact, all of our cells are actually using lipids (fats) to create their structure and protection. And so, just as we must concern ourselves with getting proper amounts of healthy fats, we must also make sure that we have the good pancreatic enzymes that can absorb this fat along with many fat-soluble nutrients including vitamins A, D, E, and K. This is the role of lipase. And, without this enzyme, we are left with some of the typical types of digestive upset such as indigestion and heart burn.	Lipase not only helps us break down fat, preventing excess weight gain and possibly even obesity, but it also has the ability to streamline the entire digestion process and increase the nutritional value of the natural fats we are getting from good, healthy foods. This is particularly important in light of the fact that many people consume less-than-optimal amounts of essential fatty acids and fat-soluble nutrients, meaning that it is more important than ever to digest and absorb these as efficiently as possible. In addition, the common effects of indigestion, bloating, abdominal discomfort and gas resulting from eating high-fat foods can be greatly alleviated.†
Marshmallow-Root-Digestive-Aid
When most people hear marshmallow, they think of the white fluffy food or treat commonly roasted at campfires. Marshmallow, however, is also a type of herb and has a wide variety of medical uses.
Marshmallow is most commonly used to ease sore throats and dry coughs, in a tea. The Marshmallow plant, especially the leaves and roots, contains polysaccharides that have antitussive, mucilaginous, and antibacterial properties.	More recently, marshmallow has been used to treat certain digestive disorders, including heartburn, indigestion, ulcerative colitis, stomach ulcers and Crohn's disease. The mechanism by which it soothes sore throats applies to gastrointestinal mucosa as well and regular consumption of marshmallow can help with the pain of ulcerative colitis and Crohn's, and prevent stomach ulcers from perforation. Marshmallow extract is sometimes added to creams and used to treat inflammatory skin conditions, such as eczema and contact dermatitis. Additional uses are currently being investigated. Marshmallow may be a helpful aid to radiologic esophageal examination. There is tentative evidence that marshmallow may also help with respiratory disorders such as asthma. Researchers may soon test marshmallow as a natural alternative to blood sugar management in diabetes.
Marshmallow works as a mucilage, producing a thick sticky substance that coats membranes. Marshmallow extract contains flavanoids, which contain anti-inflammatory properties. The flavanoids are able to reduce inflammation while the mucilage holds them in place and prevents further damage. The extracts also induce phagocytosis, which is the process in which certain cells engulf bacteria, dead cell tissues or other solid particles. This helps speed up the healing process. The mucilage remains unaltered until it reaches the colon, which is why marshmallow works well on most inflammatory digestive disorders.

Marshmallow also contains Asparagine, which is a naturally occurring amino acid. It is not an Essential amino acid as it can be produced by the body so is not needed as a dietary supplement. Asparagine was first identified from Asparagus juice, in which it is abundant, and hence its name Asparagine. It was then identified in a range of other plant and animal food sources and identified as an amino acid.†


Sea-Buckthorn-Supplement
Sea buckthorn has a long history of use in folk medicine, dating back thousands of years. Tibetan doctors during the Tang dynasty used it to help relieve various health problems. It is renowned in Ayurvedic medicine as far back as 5000 BC. In 12 BC, the ancient Greeks used it to treat various health issues. In Tibet, Russia, Mongolia, and China, sea buckthorn is known to help relieve cough, promote blood circulation, aid digestion, and alleviate pain.
Sea buckthorn berry is becoming as popular as pomegranate and acai berry because of its very impressive nutritional profile. It contains over 190 nutrients and phytonutrients, including vitamin C, which is 12 times higher than that of an orange. It also contains high amounts of vitamins, minerals, fiber, and protein, making it a powerful superfood.

This berry also has as much vitamin E as wheat germ, three times more vitamin A than carrots, and four times more superoxide dismutase (SOD), an important enzyme that helps prevent free radical damage, than ginseng. Plus, it's the only plant source that contains omega 3, 6, 9, and 7.

Both sea buckthorn seed and fruit oil are rich in nutrients such as carotenoids, tocotrienols, and tocopherols. They are loaded with antioxidants like phenols, terpenes, and glucosides; vitamins A, C, and E; beta-carotene; plant sterols; and trace elements such as copper, iron, selenium, and manganese.

Sea buckthorn oil is an important plant food source of polyunsaturated fatty acids, which are an important structural component of mucous membranes. However, there is a major difference between the fatty acid composition of the two sea buckthorn oils. The major fatty acids in seed oil are omega 3 and 6, particularly linoleic acid and alpha-linoleic acid (comprising 70 percent). Meanwhile, the fruit oil contains monounsaturated fatty acids and omega 7 (palmitoleic and palmitic acid).

The unique high fatty acid content of sea buckthorn oil and the wealth of nutrients it contains make it one of the most health-promoting herbal oils today. It's believed to have high antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antiviral properties that help promote total body wellness.	Sea buckthorn oil can help soothe the mucosal tissue in the digestive tract, and may also be useful in treating gastric ulcers. It can also work for other GI tract problems, including upset stomach, dyspepsia, and constipation.†
Full List Of FightPrep Digestive Health Ingredients
Marshmallow (root) - 75mg
Turmeric (root) - 60mg
Citrus Bioflavonoid Complex - 50mg
Cumin (seed) - 30mg
Sea Buckthorn fruit extract - 30mg
Valerian (root) - 10mg
Cayenne pepper (fruit) - 7.5mg
Amylase - 4000 DU
Protease 4.5 - 20,000 HUT
Alpha-galactosidase - 200 GaIU
Lipase - 200 FIP
Glucoamylase - 7 AGU
Protease 3.0 - 25 SAPU
Beta-glactosidase - 1,000 ALU
Cellulase - 600 CU
Diastase - 150 DP