Simply the best source of energy there is when it comes to fight training and competing. EnergyNow™ provides athletes with a steady-released, 100% beneficial energy without any jitters or crashes. Train harder and longer; perform at your optimal level every time; Become the champion you strive to be. EnergyNow™ will give you the energy to get there.†
Competition ready energy†
Natural caffeine - Also helps relieve post-workout muscle pain†
100% Natural - None of those nasty fillers†
Promotes optimal blood flow - Reduces muscle pump and fatigue†
Helps transport vital recovery nutrients†
Many fighters work hard to achieve a desired weight to fit into a weight class or to drop weight for performance purposes. They lose important B Vitamins responsible for a myriad of physical benefits, especially energy levels. EnergyNow™ helps prevent this by supplying you with an essential blend of enzymes, anti-oxidants, minerals, nutrients, and plant-based caffeine.†


FightPrep - Yerba Mate Supplement
Billions of people start the day with a hot cup of coffee or tea. But in some parts of the world, people wake up with a drink you may not be familiar with — Yerba Mate.
It was called "The Drink of the Gods" by many indigenous South Americans and later "The Green Gold of the Indios" by European settlers and is a nutritional powerhouse loaded with vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants.	Yerba Mate is comes from the dried leaves of an evergreen holly, Ilex paraguariensis, a native plant of South America. Yerba mate is well-known for providing an energy boost that’s been described as gentle, clean, and calm; it rarely interferes with sleep and doesn’t cause the caffeine jitters.
It helps to keep you alert and suppresses your appetite yet provides your body with all the nutrients needed to sustain life including 24 vitamins and minerals and 15 amino acids.† If that is not enough for you, here are just a few of the documented health benefits of Yerba-Mate:
Increased Focus†
Increases Strength, Energy, and Endurance†
Reduces Blood Pressure†
Reduces Fatigue†
Contains Antioxidants†
Contains 15 Amino Acids†
Contains 24 Vitamins and Minerals†
Rejuvenates†
Delivers Oxygen to the Heart and Lungs During Exercise†

FightPrep - Kelp Algae Supplement
You already know to eat your daily servings of vegetables, but when is the last time you gave any thought to your sea vegetables? Kelp, a type of seaweed, is chock full of good-for-you nutrients that can benefit your health and possibly even prevent disease.

Because it absorbs the nutrients from its surrounding marine environment, kelp is rich in:

Vitamins
Minerals
Trace elements
Enzymes
According to nutritionist Vanessa Stasio Costa, M.S., R.D.N., C.D.N., kelp “is often considered a ‘superfood’ due to its significant mineral content. It’s especially concentrated in iodine, which is important for optimal thyroid function and metabolism."

The benefits of these vitamins and nutrients are substantial. B vitamins in particular are essential for cellular metabolism and providing your body with energy. According to UCSF Medical Center, kelp has more calcium than many vegetables, including kale and collard greens.†


Guarana-FightPrep-FighterFunction
Guarana, medically known as Paullinia Cupana, is actually one of the most popular forms of caffeine intake throughout South America. When you take a look at the health benefits and energy boost it provides, it’s not difficult to see why it’s growing in popularity.

The first thing about guarana that makes it stand out is its stimulant properties. Guarana contains 3-7% caffeine. Compare that to coffee, which contains between one to two percent caffeine. Which is part of the reason we have chosen to include Guarana Seed Extract in our Fighter Function formula.

The other part of the reason we've chosen to include it is, while the active ingredient in the guarana plant (guaranine) is chemically identical to caffeine, it has one huge difference. In its natural form, it is bound to the fiber of the guarana seeds. That means its stimulating component is released slowly, giving you up to five hours of refreshing vitality.

The Guaranis people (who the fruit was named after) believed the plant could provide enough endurance that just by drinking it, one could go on a hunt for days without food and without feeling hunger or fatigue. They also credited the drink for helping cure headaches, relieve fever and painful muscle spasms, and help with bowel movement issues.

You will find that the energy boost from natural guarana seed extract is much different than what you get from other forms of caffeine or other stimulants. For instance, it is gentle, long lasting, provides stamina, endurance, and doesn't cause headaches. Another key difference from caffeine derived from coffee and other stimulants is that Guaranine has also been shown in studies to improve memory and alertness and often improve a person's mood without the same negative side effects of coffee.†


AmericanGinseng-FightPrep-BrainBalance
In the many thousands of documented studies of ginseng worldwide the overwhelming agreement is that prolonged use of the right type of ginseng can be a major factor in countering the effects of fatigue, aging, hormonal imbalance and stress. Research by Bowden (2008) demonstrates that consuming ginseng every day increased energy levels and actually improved performance and reduced subjective feelings of mental fatigue.
Without any toxicity, ginseng is harmless and can be absorbed into the body very quickly and easily. It is perfectly tolerated by all, and doesn't cause any side-effects. No interactions are known, so ginseng may therefore be consumed in conjunction with all other vitamins, minerals and supplements.	While ginseng can be taken to give you a 'quick' energy boost, it should be consumed regularly as part of your daily diet or nutritional plan to provide you with a more regular flow or balanced energy.† 
FightPrep - Vitamin B12 Supplement
Vitamin B-12, along with the seven other members of the B vitamin complex, aids the body with its metabolic functions, thus earning it the reputation as a vitamin that can provide energy. A micronutrient, vitamin B-12 is only needed in small amounts in the body, and on its own, it is not guaranteed to be an effective energy booster. Vitamin B-12 is commonly found in animal sources, such as eggs, milk and milk products, shellfish and poultry. For those who abstain from eating meat, consider taking a vitamin B-12 supplement to ensure you receive sufficient amounts in your daily diet.
Along with producing new red blood cells, vitamin B-12 helps with regulating nerve transmissions and synthesizing DNA. Lesser functions in the body include helping to create hormones, lipids to help build cell membrane structures and protein. In some cases, vitamin B-12 can be used as an energy source for metabolic functions.While ginseng can be taken to give you a 'quick' energy boost, it should be consumed regularly as part of your daily diet or nutritional plan to provide you with a more regular flow or balanced energy.	Vitamin B-12 is essential to energy production in the body, but there is no documented proof that it alone provides a quick-fix energy boost, like a shot of caffeine. Vitamin B-12 can, in some cases, reduce feelings of tiredness and weakness associated with megaloblastic anemia. This type of anemia occurs when there is insufficient oxygen being brought to cells to produce energy for the body, leading to poor DNA synthesis in red blood cell production and a consequent decrease of hemoglobin levels in the blood. Megaloblastic anemia can occur when there is not enough vitamin B-12 or folic acid in the body.† 
Cellulase-FightPrep-BrainBalance	Protease-FightPrep-BrainBalance
Amylase-FightPrep-BrainBalance	Lipase-FightPrep-BrainBalance
These different nutrient processing enzymes are important for maintaining energy levels due to their ability to effectively break down foods and convert them into the energy you need to train hard. These enzymes break down the barriers between the foods themselves and the nutrients contained within them. We've included these enzymes in FightPrep's Energy Now™ supplement to ensure the nutrients you consume are processed in the most effective manner possible and give you the energy you need.† 
Full List Of FightPrep Digestive Health Ingredients
Yerba Mate Leaf - 100mg
Kelp Algae (Ascophyllum nodosum) - 75mg
Lecithin (from soy) - 75mg
Green Tea (leaf) extract - 50mg
Guarana (seed) extract (22% caffeine) - 50mg
L-theanine - 50mg
American Ginseng (root) - 30mg
Protease 4.5 - 10,000 HUT
Cellulase - 1,000 CU
Amylase - 500 DU
Lipase - 83 FIP
Folate (folic acid) - 20mcg
Vitamin B12 (as cyanocobalamin) - 10mcg
