Train Harder - Train Longer
Each ingredient has a fight purpose - No fillers
Only 100% Natural Ingredients - No Synthetics - No Fillers
Supports Muscle Function and Blood Flow - Reduces Arm Pump and Muscle Fatigue
Promotes steady energy release - No highs or lows - No crashes
This stuff is the real deal. Don't call it a pre-workout, to us that's a four-letter word; it's much more than that.

Do you ever feel like you take such good care of your health, but don't see the fruits of those labors in your day-to-day workout? Have you ever gotten to the end of a training session and had JUST BARELY enough energy to finish? Well, Fighter Function was designed for that EXACT thing. This stuff will maximize the way your body works. Fighter Function was not designed to just give you energy, it was designed to use the energy stores you already have from a healthy diet and MAXIMISE their use. The small amount of caffeine in Fighter Function is delivered in such a way that there are no spikes, no jitters and no crash. Just a smooth boost to get you through your workout. And because it optimizes the way your body and it's muscles work, it minimizes the fatigue and soreness often felt after a hard workout, enabling you to recover quickly and be ready to do it again.

From Cardiovascular efficiency to Optimized Muscle Function and streamlined Energy Use, Fighter Function will make it feel like that beast which was trapped inside is finally free to come out and play. If you've been looking for that edge in your training program, look no further.†


Guarana-FightPrep-FighterFunction
Guarana, medically known as Paullinia Cupana, is actually one of the most popular forms of caffeine intake throughout South America. When you take a look at the health benefits and energy boost it provides, it’s not difficult to see why it’s growing in popularity.

The first thing about guarana that makes it stand out is its stimulant properties. Guarana contains 3-7% caffeine. Compare that to coffee, which contains between one to two percent caffeine. Which is part of the reason we have chosen to include Guarana Seed Extract in our Fighter Function formula.

The other part of the reason we've chosen to include it is, while the active ingredient in the guarana plant (guaranine) is chemically identical to caffeine, it has one huge difference. In its natural form, it is bound to the fiber of the guarana seeds. That means its stimulating component is released slowly, giving you up to five hours of refreshing vitality.

The Guaranis people (who the fruit was named after) believed the plant could provide enough endurance that just by drinking it, one could go on a hunt for days without food and without feeling hunger or fatigue. They also credited the drink for helping cure headaches, relieve fever and painful muscle spasms, and help with bowel movement issues.

You will find that the energy boost from natural guarana seed extract is much different than what you get from other forms of caffeine or other stimulants. For instance, it is gentle, long lasting, provides stamina, endurance, and doesn't cause headaches. Another key difference from caffeine derived from coffee and other stimulants is that Guaranine has also been shown in studies to improve memory and alertness and often improve a person's mood without the same negative side effects of coffee.†


Cranberry-FightPrep-FighterFunction
Cranberries are one of the richest fruits in health-promoting antioxidants. Antioxidants are essential to optimizing health by helping to combat the free radicals that can damage cellular structures as well as DNA. Loaded with beneficial nutrients and enzymes including manganese, vitamin C, fiber, and vitamin E.

For many years, researchers believed that the ability of cranberries and cranberry juice to help prevent urinary tract infections (UTIs) was partly related to the strong acidity of the cranberries. Recent research has shown that it's not the acidity of the cranberries, but the unusual nature of their proanthocyanidins (PACs) that is related to prevention of UTIs. The special structure of these PACs (involving A-type linkages between their components) acts as a barrier to bacteria that might otherwise latch on to the urinary tract lining.

This whole area of investigation has opened the door to an understanding of other possible cranberry benefits. For example, stomach ulcers are often related to overgrowth and over-linking of one particular type of stomach bacteria (Helicobacter pylori) to the stomach lining. In much the same way as cranberries may help prevent bacterial attachment to the lining of the urinary tract, they may also help prevent attachment of bacteria to the stomach lining. There is already some preliminary evidence that cranberry may help protect us from stomach ulcer in this way.†
Full List Of FightPrep Digestive Health Ingredients
Guarana (seed) ext. - 50mg
Cranberry (fruit) 25:1 ext. - 50mg
Calcium (as calcium lactate) - 25mg
Potassium (as potassium citrate) - 75mg
Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) - 100mg
Zinc (as zinc gluconate) - 10mg
Magnesium (as magnesium citrate) - 8mg
Sodium (as sodium chloride) - 5mg
Selenium (as selenomethionine) - 10mcg
Vitamin B12 (as cyanocobalamin) - 10mcg
Copper (as copper gluconate) - 0.1mg
Manganese (as manganese sulfate) - 0.2mg
Chromium (as chromium polynicotinate - 5mcg