Reduce healing time for soft-tissure injuries by up to 50%†
Return to training sooner after injury†
Reduce swelling, bruising and inflammation FAST†
Reduces pain from injury faster and more effectively than NSAIDS†
Here's the scenario: You're finishing up a fight camp. Your body has undergone some serious punishment over the last several weeks. You've been training harder and working longer due to your FightPrep supplementation. Your body needs to start healing. You're cutting weight anyway, so it's easy to take Fighter Recovery on an empty stomach 4 times a day. Your fight is a week out, one bottle of Fighter Recovery should last you 1 week if taken as recommended. Start taking it! Your body will be in much better shape come fight night. You WIN your fight! Congratulations, here's another bottle of Fighter Recovery! Start taking it tonight, before bed and finish the course over the next week. Begin healing NOW. Those bumps and bruises will heal up in no time. Perhaps you got cut. No problem, your body is in Recovery Mode and will heal up nicely.

Enzyme's aren't just for your digestive system. Proteolytic enzymes are also of interest because of their ability to support, enhance, and regulate the circulatory and immune systems – factors that help optimize workouts and muscle maintenance. Numerous studies have also shown, when taken away from food, proteolytic enzymes can and will reduce physical trauma by reducing pain and swelling and helping the body recover from injury and serious trauma by reducing healing time by up to 50%. If a course of proteolytic enzymes is started prior to serious trauma, ie: before a fight or match/tournament, the healing factors are greatly improved when the course is continued afterward. What does this mean? It means that the time off in between fights can be greatly diminished with the proper use of our Fighter Recovery supplement.†

The following is an excerpt from the book, Nutrition Applied to Injury Rehabilitation and Sports Medicine, by Luke Bucci, 1995 (emphasis added):

Protease administration offers a safe option to reduce some or most symptoms of inflammation and also to accelerate or enhance healing (which is generally not encountered with NSAIDs). Overall, for acute traumatic injuries, proper protease administration can result in a 50% reduction in time to heal. Usually symptoms of inflammation (pain, swelling, heat and redness) are much reduced. However, these results can only be achieved if certain criteria are met. This table list the proper way to administer oral protease supplements for maximum clinical effect:
1. Prophylaxis is ideal; otherwise, initiate supplementation as soon as possible after injury occurs.
2. Ingest 2-8 tablets 3-5 times a day on an empty stomach; water or juice preferred to take tablets
3. Multiple Proteases preferred
4. Continue supplementation for 1 week or until improvement is noticed.
First and foremost , supplementation must be initiated as soon as possible after an injury occurs. Based on the mechanisms of protease actions, Proteases will be most effective during the inflammatory healing phase. Which occurs from the first hour after injury to several days post-injury.
Prophylaxis would be ideal, with supplementation beginning 1 to 2 hours ahead of potential injury time. This is especially useful before games or events (football, soccer, basketball, hockey, lacrosse, boxing, martial arts, rugby, rodeo, wrestling).

FightPrep - Turmeric Root - Supplement - Injury Recovery
Some of the most powerful and safest therapies are found in nature. Turmeric is one that tops the list, particularly when it comes to helping reduce joint pain, inflammation, and stiffness that comes with overuse and strenuous exercise.	Historically, turmeric has been a component of Indian Auyrevedic medicine and has been used extensively in various Indian ceremonies for centuries. Research has identified curcumin, a bright yellow spice (Curcuma longa), as the active ingredient in turmeric, often used in many Indian, Pakistani, Persian, and Thai dishes.
Curcumin is an antioxidant that protects cells from the normal, but damaging, process of oxidation. It does this by scavenging molecules known as free radicals, which are one of the root causes of aging. Preliminary cell studies suggest that the curcuminoids in turmeric promote a normal inflammatory response by inhibiting the expression of the COX-2 "pain" enzyme.
However, one of the biggest challenges is that curcumin is notoriously difficult for the body to absorb. Fortunately, scientists have found a way to counteract that.

They discovered that if they attach curcumin to soy-derived phosphatidylcholine, which is very well absorbed by the body, they could get more curcumin to painful joints. Here’s why: Phosphatidylcholine acts as a “shuttle,” moving the curcumin through cell membranes and into the bloodstream and tissues where it provides pain relief.

Curcumin is among the most thoroughly researched supplements, with more than 4,000 studies conducted and several more ongoing.


FightPrep - Cinnamon Bark - Supplement - Injury Treatment
Cinnamon has extremely high levels of Manganese which is used to build bones, blood and other connective tissues, according to the University of Maryland Medical Center. Manganese helps the body form connective tissue, bones and aids in blood clotting factors. Cinnamon is one of the top seven anti-oxidants in the world. The suggestion is that Anti-oxidants reduce the formation of "Free Radicals" that cause cancer. Many studies have found Cinnamon has sufficient anti-oxidant properties. Many studies have also found potential anti microbial and antioxidant properties of the volatile oils and oleoresins of cinnamon leaf and bark. But consider anti-oxidants as good for your whole body, repairing damage to virtually all parts of your body from skin to organs.
Full List Of FightPrep Digestive Health Ingredients
Amylase - 5250 DU
Protease 4.5 - 15,000 HUT
Protease 6.0 - 10,000 HUT
Cellulase - 800 CU
Lipase - 250 FUP
L-tyrosine - 40mg
L-theanine - 35mg
L-leucine - 25mg
Cat's Claw (una de gato) (bark) - 100mg
American Ginseng (root) - 80mg
Ginkgo Biloba (leaf) extract - 50mg
Gotu Kola - (aerial part) - 50mg
Vitamin B6 (as pyridoxine HCI) - 10mg
