It's not a secret that creatine will help your workouts by supporting muscle strength, explosiveness, endurance, and increased energy. The FightPrep difference in FighterStrength™ combines a premium creatine with an enzyme blend and magnesium, maximizing the effectiveness of the creatine and giving your body exactly what it needs to absolutely DOMINATE your workouts.

The enzyme blend acts like little soldiers, activating the creatine in your body when you need it most. The creatine helps regenerate ATP which basically powers your muscles, giving you the ability to push your body's capacity to perform high intensity work to the NEXT LEVEL!

Our FighterStrength™ comes in capsules to make it easy and convenient so you can always ensure your body is prepared to fight with FighterStrength™.

Creatine

Want to be stronger and faster during high-intensity activity? Creatine can help. Creatine enhances the body's capacity to perform high intensity work. Creatine phosphate, the high-energy molecule form of creatine, supplies your muscle fibers with immediate energy, helping reduce premature fatigue. It also helps strengthen the muscular contractions of these fibers, helping your muscles push themselves to the next level. This high-energy phosphate manner in which our body uses Creatine is vital for energy production. In our bodies, when we use energy, ATP (Adenosine Tri-Phosphate) becomes ADP (Adenosine Di-Phosphate), a de-energized ATP; ATP without the energy. Creatine makes it possible to re-energize ADP back in to ATP during high-intensity work and exercise. What good is your body without energy?

Magnesium Chelate

Magnesium is an essential part of more than 300 metabolic reactions. You need magnesium to produce energy, synthesize DNA, maintain strong bones and keep your nerves, muscles and heart working normally. Chelated supplements can help prevent or treat a deficiency. While it's best to get magnesium through foods, such as green leafy vegetables, beans, nuts, seeds and whole grains, supplements can fill the gap when your diet falls short.

Magnesium plays a pivotal role in energy production. Specifically, for this application, ATP metabolism. As mentioned above, the ATP molecule is the energized version of the molecule which transports chemical energy cell-to-cell in your body for metabolism and use. The synthesis of ATP requires magnesium to work right.

Without sufficient magnesium in your body, you will get tired quickly and not find the energy you need to finish a workout. Your body will have to work harder to use the energy it does have, causing you to get tired faster.
